Chapter 11 suggestions (#35)
dendibakh/perf-book: chapters/11-Machine-Code-Layout-Optimizations/11-8 Reducing ITLB misses.md

While the first method only works with explicit huge pages, the second approach which uses `iodlr` works both with explicit and transparent huge pages. Instructions on how to enable huge pages for Windows and Linux can be found in appendix C.

Besides from employing huge pages, standard techniques for optimizing I-cache performance can be used for improving ITLB performance. Namely, reordering functions so that hot functions are collocated better, reducing the size of hot regions via Link-Time Optimizations (LTO/IPO), using Profile-Guided Optimizations (PGO) and BOLT, and less aggressive inlining.

BOLT provides an option to automatically use huge pages for hot code based on
profile data. The benefits of this approach is that only the small portion of
the code is mapped to the huge pages and the number of required huge pages is
minimized, and as a side effect, page fragmentation is reduced.
The implementation leverages Linux Transparent Huge Pages (THP) for requesting
huge pages at runtime.

> [TODO]: provide the option/documentation.

Reviewer: I couldn't find documentation for this. Only source code.

Author: Does BOLT option description suffice?
> Automatically put hot code on 2MB page(s) (hugify) at runtime.

Reviewer: Sort of. :) I will give a more detailed explanation of what it does. Please review afterward.

Besides from employing huge pages, standard techniques for optimizing I-cache performance can be used for improving ITLB performance. Namely, reordering functions so that hot functions are collocated better, reducing the size of hot regions via Link-Time Optimizations (LTO/IPO), using Profile-Guided Optimizations (PGO) and BOLT, and less aggressive inlining.

> BOLT provides the `-hugify` option to automatically use huge pages for hot code based on profile data. When this option is used, `llvm-bolt` will inject a trampoline to the program's entry point, with contains the code to put hot code on 2MB pages at runtime. The implementation leverages Linux Transparent Huge Pages (THP). The benefits of this approach is that only the small portion of the code is mapped to the huge pages and the number of required huge pages is minimized, and as a side effect, page fragmentation is reduced. 

Author: ```suggestion
BOLT provides the `-hugify` option to automatically use huge pages for hot code based on profile data. When this option is used, `llvm-bolt` will inject the code to put hot code on 2MB pages at runtime. The implementation leverages Linux Transparent Huge Pages (THP). The benefit of this approach is that only a small portion of the code is mapped to the huge pages and the number of required huge pages is minimized, and as a consequence, page fragmentation is reduced. 
```
